Time: Add updateTimeout & ZDTtoMillisFromNow (#93)
openhab/openhab-js: README.md

The global `clearTimeout()` method cancels a timeout previously established by calling `setTimeout()`.

See https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setTimeout for more information about setTimeout.

> openHAB does not return the integer timeout id as standard JS does, instead it returns an openHAB Timer.

Reviewer: I am thinking we should have a `Timers` section with 3 subsections, so move  `SetTimeout` and `SetInterval` here and add `openHAB Timers` as well.     We then can mention in  `SetTimeout` and `SetInterval` that they return a native openHAB timer instance and to see `openHAB Timers` for more info.  In this section we can talk about rescheduling and other functions found in  https://www.openhab.org/javadoc/latest/org/openhab/core/model/script/actions/timer and give specific examples.

WDYT?

Author: Yeah, that should be the best option as it is well structured.
I will have a look at that.

openHAB-JS exports the excellent [JS-Joda](#https://js-joda.github.io/js-joda/) library via the `time` namespace, which is a native Javascript port of the same API standard used in Java for `java.time`.
Anywhere that a native Java `ZonedDateTime` or `Duration` is required, the runtime will automatically convert a JS-Joda `ZonedDateTime` or `Duration` to its Java counterpart.

> The openHAB-provided [JS-Joda](#https://js-joda.github.io/js-joda/) library is extended with convenient functions relevant to openHAB usage.
> Those extensions are listed in [openHAB-specific extensions for JS-Joda](#openhab-specific-extensions-for-js-joda).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### openHAB-JS extensions to JS-Joda
The  exported [JS-Joda](#https://js-joda.github.io/js-joda/) library is also extended with convenient functions relevant to openHAB usage. 

* `ZonedDateTime`
  * `millisFromNow()` => Returns the milliseconds from now until the ZonedDateTime representation.

```

> Examples:

Reviewer: Should we add an example of millisFromNow() here ?

Author: We could add it to the first block of examples.

actions.Exec.executeCommandLine(time.Duration.ofSeconds(20), 'echo', 'Hello World!');
```

> #### openHAB-specific extensions for JS-Joda
> * `ZonedDateTime`
>   * `millisFromNow()` => Returns the milliseconds from now until the ZonedDateTime representation.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
